Gulliver's Travels
 I am Lemuel Gulliver.  I was born in England.
When I grew up, I had a great wish to go round the world,
and in the year 1699, I got on board a ship bound for the South Seas.
For some time things went all right.
But one day a great storm drove us far to the south and at last the ship ran on a rock and split her bow.
We let down a boat and left the wreck.
But a big wave sank the boat, and I lost sight of my poor friends.
 I swam on and on, and just when I felt I must give myself up, I found I could touch the sand.
I was now safe.
When I came ashore, I lay down in the grass, and at once went to sleep, as I was so tired.
 When I awoke, the sun was shining in the sky.
I tried to rise, but, to my surprise, I could not move hand or foot.
I found my chest as well as my arms and legs was fastened to the ground by thin but strong cords.
Even my hair was made so fast to pegs that I could not turn my head.
Soon I felt something creep up my left leg.
It came over my chest and stood near my chin.
I bent down my eyes as much as I could, and saw a little soldier about six inches tall.
He had a tiny bow and arrows in his hands.
 Then I felt many more of these small men come up, 
I gave such a shout of wonder that the small people ran off in great fear.
 Some time after that, I heard a great shouting, 
and knew by the sound of voices around me that more and more men were coming up.
Soon I heard loud knocks close to my ear, and found that they were building a stage there.
 When this was made, a man, who seemed to be great, got on it, and spoke to the men on the groud.
At once about fifty of the soldiers ran forward and cut the strings that held my head and hands.
Then the man made a long speech.
Of course, I did not know what he said, but, as I was very hungry,
I showed him by sings that I wanted something to eat.
 Soon a crowd of small people brought me all kinds of meat and bread and two casks of wine.
I found they were very good.
 When I had finished eating, there came an officer of high rank, and,
by signs, he let me know that I was to go to a far-off place.
Then they gave me a drink, in which they seemed to have put a drug, and I soon went off to sleep.
 I woke up with a loud sneeze, which made a lot of the small men run off my chest in fear.
I now found I was on a cart drawn by fifteen hundred of the King's best horese.
 When we were near a town, which was the capital of the land known as Lilliput,
the King and his Court came out to see the wonderful sight.
